1. (Song)
  Diamonds on columns. 
  Given an array of columns, on each of the column, there is a diamond. Given a start and an end position. What is the minimum jump to get all the diamond.
  Here, you are allowed to pass a column only once, and a jump operation is allowed to jump from any position to the begin or end of the column array.
  Solution: at most 2, and discuss by cases.

2. (Song)
  Task schedule to Win scores.
  Given N tasks. Each task has three attribute: Ai->init score, Bi->decreasing rate, and Ci->duration. The init score is decreased based on the delay time. 
  For example, two task, do the first time at once, then the second. The final score is A1-B1*C1 + A2-B2*(C1+C2)
  You are asked to given a schedule to achieve highest scores.
  Solution: Greedy, proof by exchanging neighbors 
  
3. (Song)
  Move operation
  Given an array of size N, each element is between [1, N] without duplicate.  Only MOVE operation is allowed, which is to move an element to the front of the array.
  What is the minimum MOVE operation is needed to make the array sorted.
  Solution: From the largest as begin and scan backward, to find the longest continous decreasing sub sequence
  
4. (Song)
  Range query
  Given an array A of size N, the elements are all integer. Given a function f(x) = (123x + 4567) % 100007. The function is allowed to use only once, and you can query for the result of f(i, j).
  where [i, j] is the range of subarray.  Then you can get another array B, which has {A0, A1, .., f(Ai), ..., f(Aj), Aj+1, ...AN-1}.
  Return the query range (x, y), such that the sum of B is maximum and larger than A. If there exist no such range, return "Not used", or else return the range (x, y)
  Solution: Maximum sum of subarray
  
5. (fff)
  Longest Valid Parentheses, leetcode 32
  
6. (fff)
  Trapping rain water, leetcode 42
  follow up: trapping rain water in 2D space. 
  Solution: Using Heap
  
7. (Xue)
  Given N chords on a circle, return the number of intersection pair. (给定n个圆上的弦，求出它们相交的对数(端点相交也算))
  Solution : Sorting and BIT
   
